                                    TODO
                      //Capstone Setup Instructions//

For this capstone you should create a public GitHub repo for this Capstone
project. Make sure that the capstone repo has a meaningful name, like DELI-cious

         "(DO NOT just give it a generic name like capstone-2)"



Clone the TODO DELI-cious repo into the C:/pluralsight folder. To ensure you have the ability to push changes.
Create a GitHub project board to manage your work.
Use the project requirements to create user stories on your board so that you can manage your time throughout the project.
Be sure to read all project requirements before beginning to code.

Capstone Description
This project is the point of sales application for DELI-cious, a custom sandwich shop.
Currently at DELI-cious our customers can fully customize their sandwich orders.
Until recently we have been managing all orders in person and are currently taking all orders on paper.
But our business is growing, and we need a way to automate the order process (and eventually even make it available online).

This application should take full advantage of Object Oriented Analysis and Design.
In other words you should make use of OOP concepts throughout this process.
Create classes and interfaces as necessary to build this solution.
As you begin this project you should start by creating a class diagram of the classes, interfaces that you will need.
This will be your starting point, and it may change as your application progresses throughout the week.
You should keep your diagram current.
You should also save the diagram to your repository.
HINT: Use the requirements below to look for nouns and verbs to help you create your class diagram.

Part 2.)               TODO //Application Requirements//

The sandwich is the core of our business.
Customers can order sandwiches in 3 sizes (4", 8" and 12").
 When they order, they choose the type of bread that they would like (white, wheat, rye, or wrap).
The customer can then choose their toppings.
 Toppings are categorized as regular and premium.
Meats and cheeses are premium toppings, but most other toppings are considered regular.
Customers can request for extra toppings, but premium toppings come at an additional cost.
Each sandwich can also be toasted.
A customer can place an order with 1 or more sandwiches on the order.
When a customer places the order, they should be prompted to customize each sandwich one at a time.
A customer should also be able to add drinks and chips to their order.
When they have completed their order, the application should display the order details, including the list of sandwiches
that were ordered with all of the toppings so that the customer can verify that the order is correct.
The screen should also display the total cost of the order.

When the customer completes the order, the order details should be saved to a receipts folder.
 Each order should have it's own receipt file, and it should be
named by the date and time that the order was placed (yyyyMMdd-hhmmss.txt
- i.e. 20230329-121523.txt)

--
Chart example look in workbook to see...
--
                         TODO //Home Screen//
Your application must include several screens with the listed features in order to
                     be considered complete:

o The home screen should give the user the following options. The
application should continue to run until the user chooses to exit.
§ 1) New Order
§ 0) Exit - exit the application
• Order Screen - All entries should show the newest entries first
o 1) Add Sandwich
o 2) Add Drink
o 3) Add Chips
o 4) Checkout
o 0) Cancel Order - delete the order and go back to the home page
• Add Sandwich - the add sandwich screen will walk the user through
several options to create the sandwich
o Select your bread:
o Sandwich sizes: 4", 8" and 12"
o Toppings: - the user should be able to add extras of each topping
§ Meat:
§ Cheese:
§ Other toppings:
§ Select sauces:
o Would you like the sandwich toasted?
• Add Drink - TODO select drink size and flavors
• Add Chips - TODO select chip type and flavors
• Checkout - display the order details and the price
o Confirm - create the receipt file and go back to the home screen
o Cancel - delete order and go back to the home screen

               (Optional Bonus) Challenge Yourself
If you have time and want to challenge yourself, consider the following:
Create several Signature Sandwiches that are a template for what the customer
can order. The customer could then customize the existing toppings to either
remove or add more toppings to the sandwich.
HINT: Signature Sandwiches could be managed by creating custom classes that
inherit from the Sandwich class.
Signature Sandwiches might include:
o Bacon
o extra Cheese
o Lettuce
o BBQ
o Ranch
o Toasted
o Fries
o Mayo
o Toasted

                         //Other General Project Requirements//
                    Your project must also meet the following requirements:
Repository
• Your code must be in a public GitHub repository
• You must use Git branches appropriately
• The repository must contain an appropriate Git commit history
o Minimally, you should have a commit for each meaningful piece of work completed
• It must contain an informative README file that:
o Describes your project
o Includes images of your application screens
o Describes/shows one interesting piece of code from your project
• Include exports or screenshots of your "TODO diagrams Class Demonstrations.

Each student will be given 10 minutes to demonstrate their project to the class on "project demonstration day".
 During this time you will:
• Present your application - run through the different screens and scenarios
• Describe / show one interesting piece of code that you wrote
• Answer questions from the audience if time permits
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       //Misc//
                                //TODO: Food Listings
                                      Layout Plan
//1.)                            //:Sandwich Class://
For the code above do the exact same thing but make sure to add these three additional sandwiches to the mix "Mushroom Melt Smash burger",
"Smoked Breakfast Chorizo", and the "Butter Burger". All of these should cost $10:00.
Each with the option no matter the sandwich chosen to be able too choose out of these three bread types...
"Brioche","French Baguette", and "Ciabatta".
All of the bread types should cost $1:50.

 //2.)                            //:Chips://
Same for the chips do the exact same thing but make sure to add my three additional flavors to each chip brand for example...
"Vitner's", as a chip brand should come in these three flavors: Hot Crunchy Curls, Hot Cheese & Lime, and Extra Cheesy.
"Sun Chips", as a chip brand should come in these three flavors: Original, French Onion, Harvest Cheddar.
"Clancy's Kettle", as a chip brand should come in these three flavors: Jalapeno, Mesquite Barbecue, Sea Salt and Vinegar.
 All of the chips and flavors should cost $7.00

 //3.)                            //:Drinks://
 Same for the drinks do the same thing and make sure to add three additional flavors to each drink brand for example...
"Zevia", as a drink brand should come in these three flavors: Ginger Ale, Grapefruit Citrus, Lemon Twist.
"Sparkling Ice", as a drink brand should come in these three flavors: Coconut Pineapple, Peach Nectarine, Fruit Punch.
"Pepsi", as a drink brand should come in these three flavors: Original, Wild Cherry, Lime.
 All of the chips and flavors should cost $4.00

No matter the drink option chosen you should always need to choose one out of these three cup size types...
  "Large", should cost $0.75
  "Medium, should cost $0.50
  "Small", should cost $0.25



                                    //Regular Sandwich//
• Add Sandwich - the add sandwich screen will walk the user through several options to create the sandwich
"French Dip Sandwich", "Feta Grilled Sandwich", and the "Butter Burger". All of these regular sandwiches should cost $10.00

                               //Signature Sandwich//
• Do the exact same thing as the Regular Sandwiches above but make sure to add these three additional signature sandwiches to the mix
 "Mushroom Melt Smash burger", "Smoked Breakfast Chorizo", and the "Pharaoh BBQ Burger". All of these Signature Sandwiches should cost $15.00

• Each with the option no matter the sandwich chosen to be able too choose one out of these three bread types...
o Select your bread: "Brioche","French Baguette", and "Ciabatta". All of the bread types should cost $1.50.
o Sandwich sizes: 4" Should cost $0.50", 8" Should cost $0.75" and 12" Should cost $1.00"
o Would you like the sandwich toasted?

                              //Toppings//
• Toppings: - The customer should then be able to add more or remove added toppings to the Regular Sandwiches only if selected.
The topping selection such as...
§ Extra Cheese:
§ Lettuce:
§ Tomatoes:
§ Other toppings:
All of the toppings each should cost $0.50


•  Would you like any sauce? if no go to the next screen.
if yes Select sauces: BBQ, Ranch, Mayo.
All of the sauces each should cost $0.15
                                              //Sides//
o Would you like any sides? if so.
Fries, Curry Soup, Salad
All sides should cost $1.20


                                              //Drinks//
• Add Drink - "Zevia", as a drink brand should come in these three flavors: Ginger Ale, Grapefruit Citrus, Lemon Twist.
              "Sparkling Ice", as a drink brand should come in these three flavors: Coconut Pineapple, Peach Nectarine, Fruit Punch.
              "Pepsi", as a drink brand should come in these three flavors: Original, Wild Cherry, Lime.
               All of the Drinks and flavors should cost $4.00
o Would you like the a drink yes or no?
               No matter the drink option chosen you should always need to choose one out of these three cup size types...
                 "Large", should cost $0.75
                 "Medium, should cost $0.50
                 "Small", should cost $0.25
                                               //Chips//
• Add Chips - "Vitner's", as a chip brand should come in these three flavors: Hot Crunchy Curls, Hot Cheese & Lime, and Extra Cheesy.
              "Sun Chips", as a chip brand should come in these three flavors: Original, French Onion, Harvest Cheddar.
              "Clancy's Kettle", as a chip brand should come in these three flavors: Jalapeno, Mesquite Barbecue, Sea Salt and Vinegar.
               All of the chips and flavors should cost $7.00

                                            //Checkout//

• The Checkout - Should display the order details and the price. on the rect
o Confirm - create the receipt file and make sure to show the full order that you just placed calculate the whole thing
and after go back to the home screen.
o Cancel - delete order and go back to the home screen

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
